Now if we, and some options inside
of our pa11y test, Like for example,
we can change the particular WCAG
standard that we're testing against,
so by default it tests against AA, but
we might want to test it against AAA.
We can also go through and set it
to save a screen capture of the
site when it runs a test against it.
Now this can be really useful because
we're using a headless browser.
Sometimes what it loads may be
different to what we see in our browser.
So this can be super useful to work
out if we, if you're confused by why
we're getting a particular error.
So if I go through and set that
up and run my test again, I
can, when the test finishes.
I can then have a look and again, we've
got a bunch of different errors, we've
got even more areas this time because
we're testing against the much higher
accessibility standard, but I can also say
this has taken a screenshot of my blog so
I can see exactly what it's seeing when
it loads it inside the headless browser.